How?
Killing with a knife
Actually think about it
The court is so big
How can there really be a dominant family?
That's all there is to it.
If he took it all
It will definitely cause dissatisfaction among others.
If we take the knife
Give it to those who are dissatisfied with Sun Li
What do you think will happen?
Good idea. Hmm.
Yes, this move can not only deflect the hatred of the Sun family
Preserve yourself
At the same time, it can also take the opportunity to eradicate the Sun family
Best of both worlds.
You think too simply.
How could anyone offend the Sun family with nothing to do?
Isn't this courting death?
second uncle
That's where you get it wrong.
As the so-called easy meridian
The reason why all things are attached to Sun Li
It's just that Sun Li will bring them benefits
If you take down Sun Li
It will bring them more benefits
Do you think they would do that?
The reason why everyone is kind
It's just that you don't have full confidence to take down the opponent
If we can find
The decisive evidence to bring down Sun Li
How many people do you think Sun Li will die?
But where are we going to find so much evidence?
Just a book from the accounting department more than ten years ago
It almost wiped us out
If you find a few more
Then our Qin family must not die
What do you mean?
Shut your mouth if you can't speak
The worst way to say anything nice
But am I telling the truth?
The evidence of Sun Li's old thing may be hard to find
But not necessarily his son
You mean Sun Quan yes
Let you lie to me and threaten me
If I don't take your shit out this time
Lao Tzu is not surnamed Qin